[docs] Enhance cloud provider credentials rotation (#11925)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot-operations/shoot_credentials_rotation.md

1. Update the data in the `Secret` with new credentials.
2. ⚠️ Wait until all `Shoot`s using the `Secret` are reconciled before you disable the old credentials in your cloud provider account! Otherwise, the `Shoot`s will no longer work as expected. Check out [this document](shoot_operations.md#immediate-reconciliation) to learn how to trigger a reconciliation of your `Shoot`s.

    > [!TIP]

>     > If you want to verify that your new credentials are valid and usable in the Gardener environment - you can trigger [maintenance operation](shoot_operations.md#immediate-maintenance) for a shoot cluster, which will enforce infrastructure reconciliation, and wait the reconciliation to complete successfully.

Reviewer: Not rendered as expected?

![Screenshot 2025-04-23 at 18 05 46](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/932ca326-5d92-43b9-91ac-ce3b0f0c22d1)

Author: Saw it, it turned out markdown alerts do not support indentation: https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925#discussioncomment-12029106

24caf1c3da0dbbad24fe4592825e845af8821b15 fixes one such usage that I found in the project.

Reviewer: Thank you!

1. Update the data in the `Secret` with new credentials.
2. ⚠️ Wait until all `Shoot`s using the `Secret` are reconciled before you disable the old credentials in your cloud provider account! Otherwise, the `Shoot`s will no longer work as expected. Check out [this document](shoot_operations.md#immediate-reconciliation) to learn how to trigger a reconciliation of your `Shoot`s.

>     - (Optional): If you want to verify that your new credentials are valid and usable in the Gardener environment - you can trigger [maintenance operation](shoot_operations.md#immediate-maintenance) for a shoot cluster, which will enforce infrastructure reconciliation, and wait the reconciliation to complete successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - (Optional) If you want to verify that the new credentials are valid you can trigger [immediate maintenance operation](shoot_operations.md#immediate-maintenance) for the corresponding shoot cluster(s) and wait for to subsequent reconciliation(s) to complete successfully. The maintenance operation triggers infrastructure reconciliation during the subsequent shoot reconciliation which makes use of the new cloud provider credentials.
```

1. Update the data in the `Secret` with new credentials.
2. ⚠️ Wait until all `Shoot`s using the `Secret` are reconciled before you disable the old credentials in your cloud provider account! Otherwise, the `Shoot`s will no longer work as expected. Check out [this document](shoot_operations.md#immediate-reconciliation) to learn how to trigger a reconciliation of your `Shoot`s.
3. After all `Shoot`s using the `Secret` were reconciled, you can go ahead and deactivate the old credentials in your provider account.

> 4. Optionally, if you want to ensure your new credentials are valid and usable in Gardener environment - you can trigger [maintenance operation](shoot_operations.md#immediate-maintenance) for a shoot cluster and wait the reconciliation to complete successfully.

Reviewer: I suggest to merge this with point 2. It does not make sense to trigger maintenance to verify the new credentials after in point 3. you deactivated the old ones.
